[Doc Improvement][Metadata Update] (#6806)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/bots/how-to/conversations/request-headers-of-the-bot.md

---
title: Send tenant ID and conversation ID to the request headers of the bot

> description: Learn how to send tenant ID and conversation ID to the request headers of the bot in Teams. The activities are sent to the bot through a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to route the bot traffic without unpacking the entire payload using tenant ID and conversation ID present in request headers of the bot in Teams.
```
